[Containerapp] Adding Foundry deployment support in `containerapp up` (#8744)
Azure/azure-cli-extensions: src/containerapp/HISTORY.rst

upcoming
++++++
* 'az containerapp auth update': Support authenticating blob storage token store using managed identity with `--blob-container-uri` and `--blob-container-identity`.

> * 'az containerapp up --model-registry --model-name --model-version: Support deploying Foundry model to Container App.'

Reviewer: nit: use full name Azure AI Foundry

* 'az containerapp auth update': Support authenticating blob storage token store using managed identity with `--blob-container-uri` and `--blob-container-identity`.
* 'az containerapp env create': Set identity only when `--mi-system-assigned` or `--mi-user-assigned` is specified.
* 'az containerapp env create': Set identity only when `--system-assigned` or `--user-assigned` is specified.

> * 'az containerapp up --model-registry --model-name --model-version: Support deploying Azure AI Foundry model to Container App.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* 'az containerapp up': Support deploying Azure AI Foundry model to Container App with `--model-registry`, `--model-name`, `--model-version`.
```
